===== CONTENT FROM: https://marvelrivals.fandom.com/wiki/Hawkeye =====

Hawkeye
"Once an Avenger, always an Avenger."
Real Name
Clinton Francis "Clint" Barton
Aliases
Ronin
Archer
Biographical Information
Birthplace
Waverly, Iowa
Gender
Male
Eye color
Hazel Green
Hair color
Blond
Relatives
Barney Barton
(older brother)
Bobbi Morse
(ex-wife)
Powers/Skills
Superior marksmanship
Expert combatant, acrobat, and martial artist
Utilizes advanced melee and ranged weaponry and specialized arrows
Signature
Status Information
Character type
Playable Character
Role
Duelist
Health
275
Difficulty
Affiliation
Avengers
S.H.I.E.L.D
Portrayal
Voice Actor
Andrew Kishino
Character Video
Despite his lack of superpowers, Hawkeye's unparalleled skills as a marksman have earned him a spot alongside earth's mightiest heroes. With a cool head and steady hand, Clint Barton never misses a target… so enemies best stay out of his sights!
Official description
Hawkeye
is a Duelist
hero
in
Marvel Rivals
, and is the 28th hero introduced to the game's roster.
He has a team-up ability that works in conjunction with
Black Widow
.
Overview
Strengths
Ranged specialist capable of sniping enemies from very long distances, dealing increased damage the longer he focuses on a target.
Has above-average health compared to other duelists.
Has access to a double jump.
Hawkeye has access to two different types of primary fire:
Piercing Arrow has unlimited ammo (meaning he doesn't have to reload) and can either be charged or shot rapidly at the expense of range. Hawkeye moves slower while charging his bow.
This interacts directly with his passive, Archer's Focus, which increases the damage of his Piercing Arrows if the player keeps the aim reticle at the enemy for roughly a second before firing. This shot can eliminate most non-Vanguard characters in a single hit if it deals critical damage.
Blast Arrow has limited shots, and fires explosive projectiles in a horizontal spread, dealing direct damage on impact plus additional damage from a spell field generated by the explosion.
Hyper Sonic Arrow is a single fast-firing projectile that deals damage and slows the movement speed of the affected enemy by 40%. If it hits a flying enemy, it will knock them down to the ground.
Despite being focused on long-range damage, Hawkeye has access to effective close-range moves.
His regular melee attack, Ronin Slash, which in addition to dealing damage, also allows him to deflect direct hits from incoming projectiles,
It can even deflect
Magneto
's Meteor M, but it has a small window of opportunity and Hawkeye will still receive damage.
Crescent Slash is a rising attack that launches enemies upwards.
His Ultimate, Hunter's Sight, temporarily creates static afterimages of his enemies when they move. When Hawkeye shoots these afterimages, the damage will be redirected to the corresponding characters.
When paired with
Black Widow
, he gains access to Supersensory Vision, which gives a team-up damage bonus of 15% (Note: Anchor bonuses are currently permanent and do not require team-up partners).
Weaknesses
Can have a difficult time hitting enemies with high mobility, especially when trying to aim at them to charge Archer's Focus.
Despite his access to melee attacks and a double jump, he is quite vulnerable to diving, as he lacks any kind of defensive and self-sustain abilities.
Ronin Slash cannot deflect area-of-effect projectiles and explosions.
Hunter's Sight can be negated by characters wielding physical shields, namely
Doctor Strange
,
Captain America
, and
Magneto
, as their afterimages cannot be damaged when their shields are up.
Cosmetics
Costumes
Model
MVP
Emotes
Sprays
Nameplates
01
Costume Catalog
HAWKEYE
Default
Tiger's Eye
RARE
Galactic Fangs
EPIC
Freefall
EPIC
Ronin
LEGENDARY
See
:
All In-Game Models & Descriptions
Hawkeye
Tiger's Eye
Season 0
Galactic Fangs
Season 0
Freefall
Hawkeye: Freefall
(2020) #1
Ronin
New Avengers
(2004) #27
See
:
List of MVP Animations
DEFAULT
Hawkeye
Serpent Slash
Galactic Fangs
Freefall
Freefall
Deadly Rain
Ronin
01
EMOTES
DEFAULT
BRAIN BLAST
Fruit Ronin
Trick Spin
Honed to Perfection
See
:
List of Sprays
Hawkeye
Galactic Fangs
Freefall
Ronin
See
:
List of Nameplates
Hawkeye
Galactic Fangs
Freefall
Ronin
Abilities
Normal Attack
PIERCING ARROW
Shoot a powerful arrow.
CASTING -
Charged projectile with an arced trajectory
MINIMUM CHARGE TIME -
0.7s
DAMAGE -
8 - 80 (Maximum damage is achieved after 0.9s of charging)
AMMO -
∞
CRITICAL HIT -
Yes
PROJECTILE SPEED -
120 - 180 m/s (Maximum speed is achieved after 0.9s of charging)
SLOW RATE WHILE CHARGING -
20%
SPECIAL EFFECT
⚬ Apply bonus damage with
Archer's Focus
BLAST ARROW
Shoot three explosive arrows.
CASTING -
Arced projectile that generates a spell field upon impact
DAMAGE -
15 (per projectile) - 32 (spell field)
CHARGES -
3
COOLDOWN -
0.5s
RANGE -
3m spherical radius
PROJECTILE SPEED -
60m/s
SLOW RATE WHILE CHARGING -
20%
SPREAD ANGLE -
11.3°
Abilities
Q
HUNTER'S SIGHT
Capture Afterimages of enemies in his view. Damage dealt to an Afterimage is transferred to the corresponding enemy.
DURATION -
10s
AFTERIMAGE GENERATION INTERVAL -
0.5s
AFTERIMAGE DURATION -
3s
ENERGY COST -
3100
SHIFT
CRESCENT SLASH
Unsheathe a katana and slash forward, launching up enemies hit.
CASTING -
Melee
DAMAGE -
40
COOLDOWN -
12s
MAXIMUM DISTANCE -
8m
E
HYPERSONIC ARROW
Shoot a Hypersonic Arrow, dealing two instances of damage to enemies in its path and inflicting them with Slow. This ability can Knock Down flying heroes.
CASTING -
Straight-line projectile that is accompanied by a spell field
DAMAGE -
55 per hit
DURATION -
1s
COOLDOWN -
12s
RANGE -
Length: 3m, Width: 3m, Height: 2.7m (first hit)
Length: 3m, Width: 5m, Height: 1.6m (second hit)
PROJECTILE SPEED -
150m/s
SLOW RATE -
-40%
V
RONIN SLASH
Swing a wakizashi to strike frontal enemies, deflecting all incoming projectiles.
CASTING -
Melee
MAXIMUM DISTANCE -
3m
SPECIAL EFFECT
⚬ This ability cannot block explosions or effects created by projectiles on hit
SPACE
SKYWARD LEAP
Perform a double jump in the direction of movement.
COOLDOWN -
6s
PASSIVE
ARCHER'S FOCUS
Aim at an enemy to improve focus, enhancing the damage inflicted by Piercing Arrow.
DAMAGE -
0 - 70 (Maximum damage is achieved after 0.9s of aiming)
CRITICAL HIT -
Yes
SPECIAL EFFECT
⚬ Apply bonus damage to the base damage of
Piercing Arrow
Team-Up Abilities
PASSIVE
SUPERSENSORY VISION
Hawkeye can share his
Hunter's Sight
with
Black Widow
, enabling her to catch sight of and damage afterimages of enemies.
TEAM-UP BONUS -
20% Damage Boost
Strategy
Hawkeye is a deadly ranged assassin who specializes in whittling down enemies from a distance and getting picks on priority targets. As one of the few characters in this game with a true one-shot, he has a unique niche of being able to kill through high healing numbers with good accuracy, making him a powerful answer to healing-heavy compositions provided he has the skill to make it work.
As befits an archer, Hawkeye is most comfortable at a distance. However, unlike other ranged specialists like Black Widow or
Hela
, Hawkeye doesn't typically want to be as far away as possible to his targets, as not only are his projectiles less reliable at long distance due to their travel time, but his passive will only activate if his target is within 40 meters of him. Instead, he wants to strike a balance between being close enough to an enemy to activate his passive and increase his damage, but not so close that aiming becomes too difficult for him.
Hawkeye has two primary arrows at his disposal. The first is his Piercing Arrow, an accurate, high-damaging projectile that deals hefty damage when fully charged and with full Archer's Focus. These arrows do not have an ammo pool, meaning Hawkeye does not need to reload aside from simply nocking another arrow. Alternatively, he can also use Blast Arrow, which has him prime three explosive arrows that he fires in a cone shape in front of him. Unlike his Piercing Arrow, these arrows have a limited resource that prevent them from being spammed, and they also do not get any benefit from Archer's Focus.
With full charge and focus, a single headshot from Piercing Arrow will deal a whopping 300 damage, enough to kill almost every non-Vanguard in the game in a single hit with the exception of
Mister Fantastic
and
Wolverine
. With enough focus and accuracy, your ability to instantly get a kill on a target will make you an incredibly valuable asset to your team.
Because of your unique ability to land an instant kill, target priority is crucial when playing Hawkeye. You should always be prioritizing backline Strategists or Duelists, while usually only going for Vanguards when they are either the only targets left or when there are no openings to target their squishier allies.
Piercing Arrow is the attack you will use in 90% of situations. You should refrain from firing this attack wildly, as not only will the arrows be slower and harder to land, but you lose out on the damage you get from both charging the attack and from his passive. Instead, take time to charge the shot and your passive before you fire, and also take a moment to see how your target is moving so predicting their movement becomes significantly easier.
If it is safe to do so, taking off-angles or flank routes can be a highly rewarding, if not risky option to get a better view on key targets. However, make sure you plan out an escape route before firing, as once you do, smarter enemies will be alerted to your presence, and if you can't escape in time, you will be in serious trouble.
Blast Arrow is primarily used as a more reliable close-range option when compared to his Piercing Arrow. Though it may lack the ability to one-shot that his Piercing Arrow has, you should not underestimate Blast Arrows' potential: its wide AoE makes it a very consistent damage option at close to mid range, especially against agile flankers, clustered groups of enemies, or when fired from a high-ground position. While the limited charges do prevent the arrows from being fired in rapid succession, do note that they automatically recharge at a rate of 0.5 seconds even while primed, meaning that if you pace out each of your shots, you can fire these arrows indefinitely.
Crescent Slash is Hawkeye's primary defensive option. Hawkeye will perform a quick forward slash that deals a small amount of damage and knocks the target backward, putting distance between him and the target.
This is your primary means of getting pesky flankers off of you. Always make sure to keep this ability ready for when you think you're about be dove on, and if it is on cooldown, play closer to your team since you don't have the added layer of safety the ability offers.
Hypersonic Arrow is a powerful offensive tool in Hawkeye's arsenal. After a brief windup, Hawkeye will fire a fast arrow that pierces any enemies or shields it hits, slowing the target and dealing two instances of damage that add up to a total of 110.
This is one of the few non-melee attacks in the game capable of piercing barriers from characters like
Doctor Strange
or
Magneto
(note that it cannot pierce personal barriers from heroes like
Hulk
). Because of this, it is a good idea to launch this at a shield tank in order to deal some solid damage to them and any enemies standing behind them, netting you a decent chunk of ult charge and potentially killing an injured target in the backline.
The slow effect on this ability also makes it a decent opening attack, allowing you to deal a solid chunk of damage and slowing them down for an easy follow-up shot that could net a potential pick.
Hawkeye has a unique quick melee, Ronin Slash, in which he swings his wakizashi shortsword in front of him up to two times in succession. This attack has the unique property of being able to deflect projectiles, completely nullifying their damage, however it cannot deflect AoE effects such as explosions or effects caused by projectiles on hit such as stuns or other types of crowd control.
This can be a surprisingly strong defensive option against up-close targets, letting you deflect some of their assault while dealing a small amount of damage and buying time for a teammate to come to your aid.
Due to the unreliable nature of this property, however, you should not rely heavily on it to keep you alive when being attacked up-close. Instead, treat it as a last resort for when you don't have time to prime a shot and focus on trying to kill your attacker outright with either a carefully-aimed Piercing Arrow or with your Blast Arrows.
Skyward Leap gives Hawkeye free reign to take most high-ground positions. It is a high vertical double-jump with some horizontal air control.
The cooldown for this ability starts when you hit the ground, so try to get grounded ASAP after using it to minimize its downtime.
This can also be a last-ditch movement option to buy yourself time against a close-range attacker if your Crescent Slash is on cooldown. However, note that you will be an easy target for ranged enemies while airborne, so use this tactic with discretion.
Archer's Focus is Hawkeye's passive, in which his Piercing Arrow's damage will increase the longer he aims near a target.
This passive is key to Hawkeye's success, and why as Hawkeye, you should attempt to space out and plan your shots rather than firing wildly. One well-timed shot with fully-charged focus is often all it takes to swing a fight in your favor.
Hawkeye's ultimate, Hunter's Sight, supercharges Hawkeye's already impressive ranged capabilities. After a brief windup, Hawkeye enters a super-focused state, during which his Archer's Focus will charge significantly faster and all enemies in his line of sight will leave behind stationary purple afterimages while moving around. Hitting these afterimages will deal full damage to the target, however he cannot headshot the afterimages. The afterimages will also disappear if the target exits his line of sight, though they will linger for a brief moment before doing so.
This ultimate is an exceptional clean-up tool, allowing you to quickly sweep an injured team or force them to use a defensive ultimate to counter you.
Barriers act as a wall to your line of sight, so shield Vanguards such as Doctor Strange, Magneto, or
Captain America
can nullify your afterimages of them with their shields.
During the ultimate, focus on prioritizing backline squishies or characters with high agility, as you can quickly whittle them down while nullifying the latter's ability to dodge, drastically reducing their lifeline. In contrast, avoid targeting Vanguards unless there are no other targets, as their large health pool means that shots from the ultimate will often be wasted on them.
Due to the significantly increased charge rate for his passive during his ultimate, rapid-firing arrows is actually the way to go, as it can net you the most damage in the least amount of time.
Much like with Doctor Strange's Eye of Agamotto, you can hit enemies multiple times in a single attack by hitting both the target and their afterimage with your Blast Arrows. A fully-charged Blast Arrow volley hitting both an enemy and their afterimage is enough to KO a 250 hp target in a single hit, and leaves 275 hp targets at critical health so a single quick melee can finish them off. If it is safe to get closer to an enemy, this can actually secure a KO during your ultimate more reliably than trying to burst them down with your Piercing Arrow can.
Hawkeye's team-up, Supersensory Vision, has him bestow his Hunter's Sight to his fellow sniper. With it, she can now activate a smaller version of his ultimate, getting access to his afterimages with all the same properties as him.
Lore
"Anybody can shoot a gun. A bow? Now, that takes skill."
Clint Barton is one of the greatest marksmen alive. He may not have superpowers, but his natural ability to hit virtually any target earned him a place alongside Earth’s mightiest heroes. As Hawkeye, he's been known to take down an entire enemy fleet with nothing more than a quiver full of arrows.
For a time, Clint distanced himself from the Avengers, setting off on a quest for vengeance as the assassin called Ronin. He returned to the fold older and wiser, just in time to infiltrate Hydra’s Erebus Base and rescue the captured Winter Soldier.
—
Biography
Hero Story
"When you're surrounded by gods and cosmic wizards, you gotta keep your head."
Going South for the Winter
All Hawkeye knew when he got on board the Quinjet was that he was heading out on a solo rescue mission and it involved Hydra. That suited him. Extended mission prep wasn't really his style. You only needed a certain amount of information to take a smart approach; overpreparation could dull your senses, keep you from being aware and responsive when things changed in the field. As they always did. No plan survived contact with the enemy for long. For the first hour or so, as the craft arrowed south from a Helicarrier stationed just above of the big island of Hawaii, Clint kept to himself, watching the water go by. He'd never been a sparkling conversationalist, so silence suited him.
"How're you doing back there, stranger?" Agent 13 shouted back from her seat at the controls. Clint had nearly forgotten she was there after two hours or so starting into the endless blue expanse of the Pacific. Clint decided it was time to make some conversation. "So-so. We headed to Antarctica or what?"
"Bingo," Agent 13 said. "Although it doesn't take a genius to figure out that if you go south from Hawaii, you hit either New Zealand or Antarctica."
"Never said I was a genius, but I can read a map." Clint got up from his seat and started arranging his gear on a worktable: Bow, arrows, swords, body armor, comms equipment, night vision goggles, emergency field rations. Then he broke open the kit bag with his name on it and found cold-weather gear. "So, let me guess. You want me to stop Hydra poaching dinosaurs in the Savage Land."
"You wouldn't need cold-weather gear for that."
"I would until I got there, unless you're going to fly me to the border and risk Sauron sending a million pterodactyls after this Quinjet."
"No Savage Land for you, Hawkeye," Agent 13 said. "We are in fact going to Ross Island, which is only technically an island because it's connected to the mainland of Antarctica by a two-mile thick sheet of ice."
"Yeah, the Ross Ice Shelf. I've heard of it."
"The target is a Hydra base on Ross Island. More specifically, the target is
Bucky Barnes
."
"Don't tell me," Clint said, as a cold knot formed in the pit of his stomach. Bucky had worked so hard to get free of the brainwashing he'd suffered after World War II. What a terrible thing it would be if he'd been mind-controlled again. Clint thought hard about whether he'd be able to follow through on a mission to eliminate Bucky Barnes. He'd done worse during his Ronin years, but he'd also left Ronin behind. He was Hawkeye again. He was an
Avenger
.
"It's not what you think, judging by the expression on your face," Agent 13 said. "Three days ago, Barnes was sent to infiltrate and gather intel about Hydra activity inside Erebus Base. Infiltration was successful and we got some brief communications from Bucky during the mission's first few hours, but as of eight hours after infiltration, comms were interrupted and we presume he's been a Hydra captive since then."
Anything could have happened to Bucky in three days, Clint thought. But he was tough, as tough as anybody, and if there was a chance to get him out alive, that's what Clint would do. "Why Erebus Base?"
"Well, because it's tunneled into Mount Erebus. But Hydra probably also likes the mythological associations."
"You gonna make me ask?"
"I thought you'd never ask," she said. "In Greek mythology, Erebus was the son of Chaos and one of the primordial gods. Also, that's the name the Greeks gave to the gate between the world of the living and the underworld."
"Yeah, Hydra would go for that."
"Behind every myth is a bit of truth. Some of Bucky's comms were pretty scrambled, but we have a basic idea that the base is built on a much older set of ruins. It's likely there's an occult angle."
"An occult angle," Clint repeated. "So, like, I should expect to run into monsters from the Greek underworld?"
"That's all I can tell you. Also, they're doing some kind of super-soldier research. Bucky was loud and clear about that."
Clint thought about this while he got just the edge he wanted on his twin swords. He sheathed them and selected his arrowheads, going with a standard assortment of explosive, nonlethal, and ordinary bladed tips. He felt a pre-mission calm descend over him, and that was good. That hadn't happened much while he was Ronin.
"So," Agent 13 said from the cockpit. "You ready?"
"For this mission, or to be an Avenger again?"
She chucked him on the shoulder. "Once an Avenger, always an Avenger. I was talking about the mission."
Once an Avenger, always an Avenger. Clint wasn't sure about that.
Then again, even when he was an Avenger, he hadn't always felt like one. It wasn't easy feeling like you were an equal member of a team when all you could do was shoot a bow and the other team members could call lightning or lift a hundred tons.
If he was being honest with himself, that was why he'd left. That was why he'd become Ronin.
The thing was, once you'd been a hero — an Avenger — and once you understood how powerful it could be to change things, to make things better with your own hands... you couldn't just stop caring. Or maybe some people could, but Clint couldn't. So he stopped being Hawkeye, and he adopted a new moniker: Ronin. A samurai with no master. He kept an eye out for situation that might need his help. He trained in some new ways of fighting. He reinvented himself. For a couple of years, he'd been doing things the Avengers would never have noticed. Street-level, local things. More like
Spider-Man
might do. Then that expanded into bigger-scale operations, against drug kingpins, human traffickers, the kind of people normal law enforcement couldn't get to and Super Heroes didn't notice because they were too busy fighting
Thanos
or Dormammu or
Doctor Doom
.
Ronin traveled the world, and by and large, he made it a better place. There were a lot of people alive because of Ronin, but there were also a lot of people that never got back up. Bad people? Sure. But one night, in a mansion high above the smoggy sprawl of Istanbul where he'd just eliminated an arms trafficker and his entire armed retinue of maybe twenty bodyguards, Clint realized he'd stopped holding himself to any standard beyond what he thought was right. He was very close to going off the rails, becoming a pure vigilante nut like
Frank Castle
. It was only a few steps from there to the kind of deluded villain who thought he was doing the world a favor, a Vulture or Killmonger.
He needed people around him to keep him on track, and the only people who could do that were the Avengers.
So he'd come home, picking up the Hawkeye mantle yet again — but with a few changes, traces of Ronin that he would always carry with him. Maybe someday he would be free of the guilt he still carried over some of the things he'd done. He'd never hurt anyone he considered innocent, but, in the heat of battle, sometimes you couldn't tell who was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
The moral clarity of a fight against Hydra was something Clint Barton badly needed.
"Okay. We're five minutes out. Time for last-minute notes. You'll find a vehicle stashed near your landing site. Its beacon will activate once it detects you on the ground."
"Hope you left the keys in the ignition," Clint said.
Ignoring him, she went on. "There is a large hangar bay with several doors built into the flank of the mountain. That's the only obvious approach without using demolitions to get into one of the lower access shafts. Intel recommends you stay on the upper levels because honestly, we have no idea what's down below."
"Monsters," Clint said. "Got it."
Agent 13 shrugged. "Probably not? But you never know. Get in, get Barnes, get out. If Barnes is..." She hesitated. "If Barnes can't be recovered, your priority is to get the info and get out yourself."
"You mean if he's dead. Just say it."
Her eyes flashed. "Yes. If he's dead," she said, biting off each word. Turning her back on him, she went back to the cockpit. Clint stayed where he was, in the back of the cabin, alone with his thoughts. Which was never the healthiest place for him to be.
What if Bucky was...gone...again? Mind-controlled again?
Deep inside, Clint felt a Ronin-like cold certainty that he would know what to do.
No. Bucky would survive. Hawkeye would find him. Not Ronin. Hawkeye. Tomorrow morning, they would both be watching the sun rise as Agent 13 piloted them back toward Hawaii.
"We are in the drop zone," Agent 13 said calmly. "Will open the cargo door on your go."
"Go," Clint said.
The Antarctic wind stole the air from his lungs. Clint steadied himself, got a bead on the ground, and jumped.
Blindsight
(Coming soon. Stay Tuned!)
Hit the Bullseye
(Coming soon. Stay Tuned!)
Achievements
Icon
Name
Description
Arrow's Bite
As Hawkeye, partner with Black Widow to land 1 KO
5
West Coast, Best Coast
As Hawkeye, partner with the Avengers to land 10 KOs
10
Quotes
See
Hawkeye/Quotes
Balance Changes
24/12/06:
Season 0: Dooms' Rise
Launch
Hawkeye
was released as the 28th hero to be introduced to
Marvel Rivals
as a
Duelist
hero.
Added 3 new costumes:
Tiger's Eye
,
Freefall
, and
Galactic Fangs
(Limited-time store release: 2024/12/06 - 2024/12/27)
Added the
West Coast, Best Coast
achievement.
Added to the
Allied Agents
Team-Up Ability
with
Black Widow
.
25/01/10:
Version 20250110
/
Season 1: Eternal Night Falls
Launch
Slightly reduce the spread angle between every two
Blast Arrows
.
Reduce the triggering distance of passive ability
Archer's Focus
from 60 meters to 40 meters. Reduce the maximum additional damage of the passive from 80 to 70.
Reduce
Hawkeye
's
season bonus
from 20% to 15%.
25/01/22:
Version 20250122
/
Fortune & Colors
Event
Fixed an issue where
Hawkeye
's passive ability
Focus
progress would sometimes display incorrectly. It's now as accurate as he is.
25/02/21:
Version 20250221
/
Season 1.5
Launch
Increase base health from 250 to 275.
Reduce projectile damage of
Blast Arrow
from 20 to 15, while the spell field damage will be increased from 25 to 32.
Reduce the cooldown time for
Crescent Slash
from 15s to 12s.
Increase bow draw speed during the duration of
Hunter's Sight
and raise damage multiplier from 1.2 to 1.35.
25/04/04:
Added 1 new costume:
Ronin
.
25/04/11:
Version 20250411
/
Season 2: Hellfire Gala
Launch
Reduce the slow effect while charging the bow from 30% to 20%.
Increase both instances of damage for
Hypersonic Arrow
from 50 to 55.
Decrease energy cost for
Hunter's Sight
from 3700 to 3100 and improve the bow draw speed increase from 1.35x to 1.5x.
Gallery
Other
Costume Origins
Hawkeye- The Unmatched Sharpshooter - Character Reveal - Marvel Rivals
Hero Logo
Prestige artwork
Hero Story Artwork
Hawkeye and
Black Widow
in the Official Launch Trailer.
"Freefall" costume in
Hawkeye: Freefall
(2020) #5
"Ronin" costume in
New Avengers (2004) #27
Trivia
Hawkeye in this game is voiced by Andrew Kishino, who also voices the
Master Weaver
in the
Shin-Shibuya
map.
Clint Barton's design and moveset in
Marvel Rivals
takes inspiration on his original superhero persona, Hawkeye, as well as his time as Ronin, a title and mantle of an assassin held by many other characters in the past, including Bullseye, Blade, Echo, Kate Bishop, and even Moon Knight.