===== CONTENT FROM: https://marvelrivals.fandom.com/wiki/Mister_Fantastic =====

Mister Fantastic
"I've seen wonders out there in the cosmos few humans will ever behold."
Real Name
Dr. Reed Nathaniel Richards
Aliases
Big Brain
Biographical Information
Birthplace
Central City, California
Gender
Male
Eye color
Brown
Hair color
Brown, Gray
Relatives
Sue Storm
(wife)
Franklin Richards
(son)
Valeria Richards
(daughter)
Johnny Storm
(brother in law)
H.E.R.B.I.E.
(assistant)
Powers/Skills
Superhuman elasticity, malleability, and durability
Shape changing
Super-genius intellect
Mastery of electrical, mechanical and aerospace engineering, electronics, physics and chemistry
Signature
Status Information
Character type
Playable Character
Role
Duelist
Health
375
Difficulty
Affiliation
Fantastic Four
Illuminati
Portrayal
Voice Actor
Ian James Corlett
Character Video
Reed Richards believes that true strength comes from remaining flexible, both mentally and physically. Mister Fantastic's elastic body, which can twist and stretch into any form with ease, is almost as impressive as his brilliant mind.
Official description
Mister Fantastic
is a Duelist
hero
in
Marvel Rivals
, and is the 34th hero introduced to the game's roster during
Season 1: Eternal Night Falls
.
He has a team-up ability that works in conjunction with
Invisible Woman
,
The Thing
and
Human Torch.
Overview
Strengths
Durable mid-range brawler who can disrupt the battlefield with his stretchy powers while making himself and his allies more resilient.
Has higher max health compared to other Duelists.
Despite being labeled as a Duelist, his gameplay style is reminiscent of a Vanguard's.
His passive, Elastic Strength, builds-up his special Elasticity gauge, which when filled grants him an inflated state for 6 seconds, empowering him.
The damage of his primary fire increases and it now deals damage in a small area.
He gains 450 bonus health while inflated.
His movement speed is increased by 20%.
Elasticity stacks are gained each time Mister Fantastic hits enemies with any offensive abilities, up to 100 stacks.
Players can prematurely cancel the inflated state manually.
His primary fire, Stretch Punch, elongates his arm to deal damage from a distance.
This attack can hit multiple enemies at once if the player quickly moves their aim around. It cannot hit the same enemy twice this way.
His secondary fire, Distended Grip, stretches one of his arms to grip an enemy. Pressing the primary fire on the same target makes Mister Fantastic throw his other arm to pull the target towards him. This ability grants 30 Elasticity even if an enemy is not hit.
If there is another enemy nearby, the player can target them after gripping the first enemy, which will result in Mister Fantastic yanking both enemies into each other, knocking them up and dealing damage.
Distended Grip can be used to cancel the endlag of Stretch Punch, increasing its damage-per-second potential.
Flexible Elongation causes Mister Fantastic to grab a target and dash towards them while gaining 75 bonus health. This ability grants 30 Elasticity and has two charges. It can be used on either enemies or allies.
If used against enemies, it deals damage on impact.
If used on allies, it also grants them 75 bonus health.
Reflexive Rubber temporarily stretches Mister Fantastic into a larger form for 3 seconds, whereupon he becomes a shield that can absorb up to 300 damage. Any attacks directed at him will be absorbed and later redirected back as a small projectile.
Can be canceled prematurely by reactivating the ability.
The redirected damage is equal to 60% of all absorbed damage.
Mister Fantastic also becomes immune to all forms of crowd control.
This ability can even absorb damage from Ultimates, most notably
Iron Man
's Invincible Pulse Cannon and
Scarlet Witch
's Reality Erasure.
He also becomes untargetable by the auto-aim from
Star-Lord
's Galactic Barrage.
His Ultimate, Brainiac Bounce, causes Mister Fantastic to jump high into the air and slam down onto the ground, dealing damage in an area.
He will always leap at least three times. After leaping at least three times, he can leap one additional time whenever he hits an enemy, up to a total of six leaps.
Each leap increases the damage of the next leap by 10, up to 50 extra damage.
Each leap adds a stacking slow of 10% to enemies hit, up to 60% reduced movement speed.
Using this ability on areas with a low ceiling will cause Mister Fantastic to bounce faster.
When paired with
Invisible Woman
, Mister Fantastic gains access to Wedded Harmony, which when activated converts 100% of damage taken into bonus health for 5 seconds.
Weaknesses
Cannot fully replace an actual Vanguard, especially as a solo frontline.
Cannot use other abilities while in his inflated state from Elastic Strength, except for his Ultimate.
In addition, his attack range is reduced almost by half, while his attack speed is slightly reduced.
Cannot use other abilities while in his stretched state from Reflexive Rubber.
In addition, his movement speed is reduced by 35%.
Cosmetics
Costumes
Model
MVP
Emotes
Sprays
Nameplates
01
Costume Catalog
MISTER FANTASTIC
Default
First Family
RARE
The Maker
EPIC
The Life Fantastic
LEGENDARY
See
:
All In-Game Models & Descriptions
Mister Fantastic
First Family
Fantastic Four
(1961) #3
The Maker
Ultimate Comics Ultimates
(2011) #2
The Life Fantastic
Fantastic Four: The Wedding Special
(2005) #1
See
:
List of MVP Animations
DEFAULT
Mister Fantastic
Surging Darkness
The Maker
Infinite Promise
The Life Fantastic
See
:
List of Emotes
DEFAULT
Mister Fantastic
Missed Chance
Mister Fantastic
Double Impact
The Maker
Will You?
The Life Fantastic
See
:
List of Sprays
Mister Fantastic
Scientific Stretch
Fantastic!
The Maker
The Life Fantastic
See
:
List of Nameplates
Mister Fantastic
The Maker
The Life Fantastic
Abilities
Normal Attack
STRETCH PUNCH
Stretch out a forward punch to attack enemies.
CASTING -
Straight Spell Field
AMMO -
∞
FIRE RATE -
1.1s per hit
CRITICAL HIT -
None
SPELL FIELD RANGE -
15m
SPELL FIELD DAMAGE -
65
SPECIAL EFFECT
⚬ Swinging your arms can attack multiple targets
Abilities
Q
BRAINIAC BOUNCE
Leap upward and smash the ground, slowing enemies within range. Can leap again upon landing a hit.
CASTING -
Spherical Spell Field
RANGE -
10m spherical radius
SPELL FIELD DAMAGE -
Initial 70, Each Additional Leap +14, Max 140
DAMAGE FALLOFF -
Start at 3m, 71.4% falloff at 10m
SLOW RATE -
Per Leap -10%, Can Stack, Max -60%
SLOW DURATION -
3s
MINIMUM LEAPS -
3
MAXIMUM LEAPS -
6
ENERGY COST -
3400
SPECIAL EFFECT
⚬ After the minimum number of leaps, each additional leap must hit an enemy to trigger the next one
SHIFT
REFLEXIVE RUBBER
Stretch body to absorb damage before launching stored damage in the targeted direction.
SHIELD VALUE -
300
MAXIMUM DURATION -
3s
SELF SLOW RATE -
-35%
DAMAGE ABSORBED - DAMAGE REFLECTED CONVERSION RATE -
60%
REFLECTED PROJECTILE SPEED -
80 m/s
COOLDOWN -
12s
E
FLEXIBLE ELONGATION
Gain a shield, select a target, and dash towards them, dealing damage to enemies and granting Shield to allies.
MAXIMUM SELECT DISTANCE -
15m
BONUS HEALTH (SELF) -
75
BONUS HEALTH (ALLY) -
75
DAMAGE -
30
COOLDOWN -
8s
GAINED ELASTICITY -
20
CHARGES -
2
DISTENDED GRIP
Extend arms forward to entangle an enemy, then press
to pull the hit enemy toward you, or select and yank another enemy, knocking them airborne against each other.
CASTING -
Projectile that fires in a straight trajectory
PROJECTILE SPEED -
60 m/s
INITIAL PROJECTILE RANGE -
20m
SECONDARY RELEASE MAXIMUM DISTANCE -
25m
INITIAL PROJECTILE DAMAGE -
20
SECONDARY PROJECTILE DAMAGE -
20
SINGLE-TARGET PULL RANGE -
10m
SINGLE-TARGET PULL DAMAGE -
50
DUAL-TARGET PULL DAMAGE -
30
GAINED ELASTICITY -
30
COOLDOWN -
6s
PASSIVE
ELASTIC STRENGTH
Using abilities generates Elasticity, boosting attack power. Reaching full Elasticity triggers an Inflated state that grants Shield and boosts even more damage.
MAX ELASTICITY -
100
INFLATED DURATION -
6s
DAMAGE -
80
MAXIMUM DISTANCE -
8m
ATTACK INTERVAL -
0.92s per hit
BONUS HEALTH -
400
MOVEMENT BOOST -
20%
Team-Up Abilities
C
WEDDED HARMONY
The Invisible Woman taps into her powers, channeling Psionic Might to fortify the entire
Fantastic Four
team. This formidable force bolsters
Mister Fantastic
,
The Thing
, and
Human Torch
, granting damage resistance. Once activated, they can continually generate bonus health, making up for lost health with each passing moment.
DURATION -
5s
COOLDOWN -
20s
DAMAGE/HEALTH CONVERSION -
100%
Strategy
To be added
Lore
"There's a solution to every problem if you just look hard enough."
Reed Richards has one of the universe's most brilliant minds, but even a genius of his magnitude couldn't have predicted the interstellar incident that bombarded his friends and family with cosmic rays, granting them each extraordinary abilities.
Mister Fantastic's cellular elasticity allows him to stretch his body beyond all physical limits. But now he'll have to his stretch his mind further than ever to build the Timestream Reintegration Device and end this cross-dimensional crisis...
—
Biography
Hero Story
"When scientific resolutions prove insufficient, giant fists do come in handy."
Reality Check
Dr. Reed Richards — the renowned scientist and adventurer also known as Mister Fantastic — stood in his laboratory in the
Baxter Building
, closely examining a small crystal that his best friend,
Ben Grimm
, had recovered on one of his many excursions into lower Manhattan. Reed had his own theories about the strange energy stored within the glowing shard, but even the most brilliant man in the universe needed a second opinion every now and then. And Reed knew exactly who he had to ask for one: The most brilliant woman in any universe —
Shuri
, the princess of Wakanda.
Not long after the Timestream Entanglement erupted across the Multiverse, causing realities to collide and collapse, Reed had received an unexpected and urgent message from Wakanda. But it was not from the technologically advanced African nation that Reed  and his fellow members of the Fantastic Four had long called their allies. Instead, this was from a Wakanda located in another dimension, one where
King T'Challa
had taken his people to the edge of the universe and built a society that spanned the stars.
Much like in Reed's own reality, T'Challa's sister, Shuri, was the driving force behind the Intergalactic Empire of Wakanda's scientific research. So it came to no surprise that she too had been tirelessly searching for a way to undo the damage caused by the Timestream Entanglement. Fortunately, she was not too proud to admit that she could not find the solution alone.
After her initial communication was received, Reed and Shuri began to compare notes and hypotheses, bringing other trusted allies like
Tony Stark
into their fold. Eventually, they were able to build a Timestream Reintegration Device that would theoretically be able to restore the damaged realities to their original state. Of course, finding an energy source potent enough to power the TRD would be nearly impossible, a topic which had since become the source of much debate between the device's creators.
Reed knew deep inside that these crystals — which had come to be known as Chronovium by those studying them — were the key. But when compared to the data he had acquired from scanning this shard with recent test results gathered by Shuri, things just weren't adding up. He had to get to the bottom of this... while there was still time left...
"You wanted to talk, Dr. Richards?" a voice said from the other side of the computer screen.
"Ah, Shuri," Reed replied, as the screen lit up to reveal the face of his interdimensional ally, "I'm glad you got my message."
"As always, when the Fantastic Four calls," Shuri said, "Wakanda answers."
"Good. Because answers are what I'm seeking," Reed said, getting right to the point. "We have both previously surmised that Chronovium is a byproduct of the massive fluctuations in energy released by the Timestream Entanglement, correct?"
"Indeed," Shuri said. "And it makes me wonder how many other forms may be out there... in whatever universes still remain..."
"And that is one of the reasons why I called you," Reed said. "If we could begin to catalog how many other universes—"
"Chronoverses," Shuri interjected. "That is what we here in Wakanda are calling the fractured realities created by the Timestream Entanglement."
"Of course," Reed continued, "If we could catalog how many other Chronoverses there are out there, perhaps we could get a better understanding of the current state of the Multiverse, as well as the other types of Chronovium that might be at our disposal."
"I have identified at least one other reality beyond our own," Shuri responded without hesitation. "Recently,
Captain America
arrived here in Wakanda seeking refuge..."
Reed paused for a moment as Shuri spoke. The Captain America he had known had fallen in battle not long ago, and the entire world was still reeling from the loss. Logically, Reed was well aware that every reality likely had it's own variant of Steve Rogers, but knowing that one was currently residing in Wakanda offered a sense of hope that Reed hadn't felt in far too long.
"Unlike the Captain America that both my father and my brother proudly fought alongside over the years," Shuri said, "this Steven Rogers claimed that he had been frozen during World War II and had not been reawakened until the year 2099."
"That's not the first time I've heard that date mentioned," Reed noted. "Our
Spider-Man
told me that he was visited by one of his alternate reality counterparts, a young woman who calls herself
Spider-Zero
. She claimed to be from the year 2099 as well, and asked for his help to repair a Dimensional nexus point known as the Web of Life and Destiny."
"Fascinating," Shuri said, taking notes as she talked. "Based of Captain America's intel, we also believe that this future timeline may be a gathering point for Mutants whose home realities have ceased to exist. His ally,
Wolverine
, claimed that he resided on a time-displaced island called Krakoa."
"Curious," Reed muttered as he pondered Shuri's words. "Our Krakoa vanished without a trace when the Timestream Entanglement hit us. Could the living island in that Chronoverse be one and the same?"
"I will see if Captain America or his allies can coerce Wolverine into sharing any further information," Shuri said.
"Allies?" Reed asked. "Steve brought along friends?"
"Not quite," Shuri said. "My own Chronoverse has been facing a number of its own challenges of late, including a growing darkness that is spreading rapidly across the star systems. I had initially sent the Guardians of the Galaxy to investigate its origin point on Klyntar, but I have lost contact with them. In order to prepare for whatever may be coming our way, T'Challa and I asked Steven gather some trusted allies from across time and space. Including a few from your own timeline —
Hawkeye
and the
Winter Soldier
."
"Interesting," Reed said. "Tony had told me that they both went missing after an incident at a remote Hydra base. He'll be glad they made it out alive."
"I certainly was," Shuri responded. "I believe they will prove to be valuable allies in the days ahead. I fear this darkness is already tainting Wakanda. Even the gods themselves are not safe from its corruptive influence..."
"Speaking of the gods..." Reed said as Shuri's words trailed off, "...the Asgard in my timeline had become something entirely new. Their World Tree, Yggdrasil, has grown and merged with the golden realm to create Yggsgard. And, according to reports,
Loki
is already trying to take advantage of the situation."
"No suprise there," Shuri said.
But the Asgardians aren't the only pantheon in disarray," Reed continued. "
Stephen Strange
recently returned from a trip through the Astral Plane, where he says he communicated with heroes from yet another dimension — one where powerful deities were locked in an endless war for omnipotent power and total control."
"So that gives us at least four Chronoverses then?" Shuri said, examining her notes.
"That we've identified thus far, yes," Reed replied. "And as they continue to collapse and intertwine, I have a feeling that they will start to become ever more dependent upon each other for survival."
"With so few timelines left," Shuri said, "we cannot risk losing any of them. That is exactly why my brother chose to pay a visit your world. I hope his delivery proved useful in your efforts."
"T'Challa... came here...?" Reed said, clearly puzzled. "When?"
"He left Wakanda a week ago," Shuri said, her usual calm and collected expression suddenly giving way to one of deep concern. "I calibrated our cross-dimensional teleporters myself. I am certain he arrived safely in the New York of your reality."
"Arrived safely, perhaps," Reed said, dismayed, "but anything could have happened after that. Our city isn't exactly as safe as it used to be, after all. The curse that locked us in a permanent nocturnal state allowed certain factions that had formerly been relegated to the shadows the opportunity to seize power."
"Vampires," Shuri said, fully aware of the problem. "T'Challa had hoped to offer you a sample of our own Heart-Shaped Herb as a means of developing a cure to this plague. But if he has fallen victim to it... then..."
"Don't you worry your majesty," Reed responded. "Like you said, we're in this together. And when Wakanda calls, the Fantastic Four answers, too."
"I just pray to Orisha that we are not too late..."Shuri said solemnly, "...for all of our sakes..."
Interdimensional Council of Reeds
(Coming soon. Stay Tuned!)
Unified Field Theory
(Coming soon. Stay Tuned!)
Achievements
Icon
Name
Description
To Solve Everything
As Mister Fantastic, partner with Iron Man to land 1 KO.
5
Bouncing Ideas
As Mister Fantastic, bounce 5 times with a single use of Brainiac Bounce.
10
Quotes
See:
Mister Fantastic/Quotes
Balance Changes
25/01/10:
Version 20250110
/
Season 1: Eternal Night Falls
Launch
Mister Fantastic
was released as the 34th character to be introduced to
Marvel Rivals
as a
Duelist
hero.
Added 2 new costumes:
First Family
and
The Maker
.
Added to the
Fantastic Four
Team-Up Ability
with
Invisible Woman
.
25/01/22:
Version 20250122
/
Fortune & Colors
Event
Addressed a bug where having two
Mister Fantastic
(like
Loki
in transformation) sometimes allowed one to reuse the second part of
Distended Grip
.
Resolved a bug where if
Mister Fantastic
was knocked offline while in his inflated state and then rejoined,
Mister Fantastic
might be unable to use some abilities after reconnecting. He's now back in action and ready to stretch into battle!
25/02/07:
Version 20250207
Addressed a bug where his
Reflexive Rubber
ability could sometimes fail to end correctly. He's back to being as fantastic as ever!
25/02/14:
Version 20250214
Added 1 new costume:
The Life Fantastic
.
25/02/20:
Fixed an unexpected interaction where
Mister Fantastic
's ultimate bounce range preview was affected by
Cloak
's Phased state. The stretchy hero's powers are now back on track!
Fixed an issue where
Mister Fantastic
's arm orientation sometimes didn't align with the targeting reticle when using his abilities. Now, the stretchy hero can hit the mark with precision--no more twisted arms!
Fixed a glitch where
Mister Fantastic
's
Stretch Punch
could be interrupted by
Distended Grip
during its wind-up phase, yet still erroneously deal damage. Now, the stretchy hero's attacks are consistent--no more bouncing back from unfair hits!
25/02/21:
Version 20250221
/
Season 1.5
Launch
Increase the spell field radius after landing from
Flexible Elongation
from 2.5 meters to 5 meters. Additionally,
Flexible Elongation
will now feature a knockback effect, launching enemies outward within the area upon landing.
The recharge time for a single use of
Flexible Elongation
will be adjusted from 8s to 10s.
Increase the spell field damage of
Brainiac Bounce
from 50 to 70.
Increase the energy cost from 2800 to 3400.
Additionally, a new damage decay mechanism has been introduced: spell field damage will begin to decrease starting at 3 meters and will reach a maximum reduction of 50% at 10 meters.
25/04/11:
Version 20250411
/
Season 2: Hellfire Gala
Launch
Increase base health from 350 to 375.
Boost the damage of
Stretch Punch
from 60 to 65 and from 75 to 80 while in Inflated state.
Flexible Elongation
New Effect: Enemies within range now suffer a 35% slow effect.
Reduce
Flexible Elongation
cooldown time from 10s to 8s.
Reduce the Elasticity gained from
Elastic Strength
from 30 to 20, while the Elasticity provided by
Stretch Punch
is increased from 5 to 8.
After entering the inflated state, the Bonus Health provided to self has been reduced from 450 to 400.
New Feature: When
Mister Fantastic
uses
Brainiac Bounce
, immediately gain Bonus Health equal to that gained when entering inflated state.
25/04/25:
Version 20250425
/
Giant-Size Brain Blast
Event
Resolved an issue when
Flexible Elongation
aimed at enemies through portals would occasionally twisted his movement trajectory into the wrong direction. Now, when
Mister Fantastic
bends the rules of physics, his is as precise as his genius!
25/04/30:
Version 20250430
We've untangled an issue in his
Flexible Elongation
ability where hitting targets inside portals caused unexpected displacement. Now, when
Mister Fantastic
bends the limits of physics, his moves are as smart and precise as his genius!
Gallery
Other
Costume Origins
Mister Fantastic- Stretches Into Action - Character Reveal - Marvel Rivals
Hero Logo
Prestige Artwork
Hero Story Artwork
"First Family" costume in
Fantastic Four
(1961) #1
"The Maker" costume in
Ultimate Comics Ultimates
(2011) #2
"Life Fantastic" costume in
Fantastic Four: The Wedding Special
(2005) #1
Trivia
Mister Fantastic was datamined from multiple sources around December 2024, along with 15 other characters, including
Angela
,
Blade
,
Captain Marvel
,
Deadpool
,
Emma Frost
,
Hit-Monkey
,
Human Torch
,
Invisible Woman
,
M.O.D.O.K.
,
Phoenix
,
The Hood
,
The Thing
,
Ultron
, and
Valkyrie
.
[
1
]
Mister Fantastic, along with
Invisible Woman
, was the first of these characters to be introduced into the game.
References
↑
All Marvel Rivals Leaks: All 15 Characters, 5 Maps, Team-Ups, Game Modes, And More
. The Game Post (December 31, 2024).
Navigation